CBS News Correspondent: (00:00):
Now near here home comes a special bulletin from Trenton, New Jersey. It is reported that at 8:50 PM a huge flaming object believed to be a meteorite fell on a farm in the neighborhood of Grover's Mill, New Jersey, 22 miles from Trenton. The flash in the sky was visible within a radius of several hundred miles and the noise of the impact was heard as far north as Elizabeth. We have dispatched a special mobile unit to the scene and we'll have our commentator, Carl Phillips, give you a word picture of the scene as soon as he can reach there from Princeton. In the meantime, we take you to the Hotel [00:00:30] Marette in Brooklyn. Where Bob?

News Reporter Carl Phillips: (00:37):
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Carl Phillips again out at the Wilmuth Farm, Grover Mill, New Jersey. Such a peaton and myself made the 11 miles from Princeton in 10 minutes. Well, I hardly know where to begin. Paint for your word picture of a strange scene before my eyes, but jumping out of a modern Arabian night, but I just got here. I haven't had a chance to look around yet. I guess that's [00:01:00] it. Yes, I guess that's the thing directly in front of me, half buried in a vast pit must have struck with terrific force. The ground is covered with splinters of a tree. It must have struck on its way down, but I can see of the object itself doesn't look very much like a meteor, at least not the meteor as I've seen it looks more like a huge cylinder as a diameter of, what would you say Professor Pierson?

(01:24):
What's that? What's the diameter of this? About 30 yards. About 30 yards. The metal on the sheath is, [00:01:30] well, I've never seen anything like it. The color is sort of yellowish white. It's curious. Spectators now are pressing close to the object in spite of the efforts of the police to keep them back. Getting in front of my line of Would you mind standing one side please? [crowd yelling] While pushing the crowd back, here's Mr. Wilmuth owner of the farm here. He may seen hundreds of cars of parked in the field and back of us in the police that trying to rope off the roadway leading into the farm, but it's no use breaking right through car's, headlights [00:02:00] throw an enormous spotlight on the pit where the objects half buried. Now some of the more daring shows now are venturing near the edge. They stand out against the metal chain. One man wants to touch the thing. He's having an argument with the policeman. The policeman wins. Now ladies and gentlemen, there's something I haven't mentioned in all this excitement, but it's becoming more distinct. Perhaps you've caught it already on your radio. Listen, please. Do you hear it? It's a curious humming sound that seems to come from [00:02:30] inside the object. I'll move the microphone nearer here.

(02:38):
Now we're not more than 25 feet away. Can you hear it now Professor Pearson? Yes. Can you tell us the meaning of that scraping noise inside the thing? Possibly the unequal

Professor Pierson: (02:50):
Cooling of its surface.

News Reporter Carl Phillips: (02:51):
I say to you still think it's a meteor professor.

Professor Pierson: (02:54):
I dunno what to think. The metal casing is definitely

News Reporter Carl Phillips: (02:58):
Terrestrial [00:03:00] not found. You can see a cylindrical shape. Something's happening. Ladies and gentlemen, this is terrific. This end of the thing is beginning to flake. Off top is beginning to rotate like a screw and this thing must be hollow.

Speaker 4 (03:16):
Screw it like people back, people get back.

News Reporter Carl Phillips: (03:27):
The top blue. Go

Speaker 4 (03:29):
Stand back.

News Reporter Carl Phillips: (03:30):
[00:03:30] Ladies and gentlemen, [crowd yelling] this is the most terrifying thing I've ever witnessed. Wait a minute. Someone calling someone something I can see turning out of that black hole. Two luminous discs of the eyes. It might be a face might be on the heavens, something wring out of the shadow like a gray snake. Now it's another one and another one and another one. They look like tentacles to me that yeah, I can see the thing's body. Now it's large as a bear. It crystalling like [00:04:00] wet leather, but that face, the gentleman didn't describe it, but I can hardly force myself to keep looking at it. It's so awful. Eyes are black and they gleam like a sert in the mouth and it's kind of vs shape with saliva dripping from its wims lips. It seem to, those quiver pulsate and the monster or whatever it is can hardly move. It seems weighed down by possibly gravity or something. The things rising up now and the crowd falls back. That seems plenty, that most extraordinary experienced gentlemen, I can't find words and well, I pull this microphone with me as I talk. I'll [00:04:30] have to stop the description until I can take a new position. Hold on, will you please? I'll be right back in a minute.

(04:40):
We now return you to Carl Phillips at Grover's Mill. Ladies and gentlemen on ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, here I am back of a stonewall that joins Mr. Wil Garden. From here I get a sweep of the whole scene. I'll give you every detail as long as I can talk and as long as I can see that more state [00:05:00] police have arrived, they're drawing up a cordon in front of the pit, about 30 of them. No need to push the crowd back. Now they're willing to keep their distance. The captain's inferring with someone can't quite see who. Yes, I believe it's Professor Pearson. Yes it is. Now they've parted and the professor moves around one side studying the object while a captain and two policemen advance with something in their hands. I can see it now. It's a white hex have tied to a pole flag of truce. If those creatures know what that means, [00:05:30] but anything means, wait a minute, something's happening. Hump shape is rising out of the pit and can make out a small beam of light against a mirror. What's that? There's a she. The flame springing in the mirror and it leap right at the advancing men. Strike some head on. Lord. They're turning you the flames caught by the woods Fire gas tank tank for the automobiles spreading everywhere.

CBS News Correspondent: (05:56):
Coming this way now about 20 yards. About right.

Speaker 5 (06:00):
[00:06:00] Ladies and gentlemen. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are unable to continue the broadcast from Grover's Mill. Evidently, there's some difficulty with our field transmission. However, we

CBS News Correspondent: (06:16):
Ladies and gentlemen, I have just been handed a message that came in from Grover's Mill by telephone. Just one moment please. At least 40 people, including six state troopers lie dead in a field east of the village of Grover's Mill. [00:06:30] Their bodies burned and distorted beyond all possible recognition. The next voice you hear will be that of Brigadier General Montgomery Smith, commander of the state militia at Trenton, New Jersey.

Brigadier General Montgomery Smith:   (06:44):
I have been requested by the governor of New Jersey to place the counties of Mercer in Middlesex as far west as Princeton and East to Jamesburg under Marshall Law. No one will be permitted to enter this area [00:07:00] except by special pass issued by state or military authorities. Four companies of state militia are proceeding from Trenton to Grover's Mill and will aid in the evacuation of homes within the range of military operations. Thank you.

CBS News Correspondent: (07:17):
You have just been listening to General Montgomery Smith commanding the state militia at Trenton. In the meantime, further.

